Style attribute HTML (#1539)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/attributes/style/style.md

> ---

Reviewer: Can we create a `terms/` folder within `attributes/` and move the `style/style.md` folder and file under that terms folder? This just happens to be the structure of Docs. If you need assistance with this, please let me know and I can assist.

Author: Done

Title: 'Style'

> Description: 'The style attribute specifies how a page will be rendered in a web browser.'

Author: Done

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Style' 
  - 'Attributes'
  - 'Elements'
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The `style` attribute specifies how an element will be rendered in a web browser, e.g. the color or the size of a font in a paragraph.

When we use the `style` attribute inline, it overrides any styles set globally. 

> **Note:** We can also specify the style of our elements through an external CSS style sheet or embedded in the `<head>` element using the `<style>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** We can also specify the style of our elements through an external CSS style sheet or embedded in the `<head>` element using the `<style>` tag.
```

Reviewer: Let's refrain from using any pronouns like you and we.

Author: Done

## Syntax

```pseudo
<element_tag style="property1:value;property2:value;"></element_tag>
```

> The `style` attribute supports all HTML tags and can take many properties, e.g. you can use the `style` attribute in the `<p>`, the `<h1>` or the `<hr>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `style` attribute supports all HTML tags and can take many properties, e.g., the `style` attribute can be used in the `<p>`, the `<h1>` or the `<hr>`.
```

Reviewer: I'm thinking we can set a standard here for the rest of the global attribute term entries. This is a trait that all global attributes have in that they support all HTML tags. Can we include the keyword "global attribute"

Author: done

## Example

> In the example below, the `<p>` (paragraph) element is given a `style` attribute to specify its color, the text alignment and the font size:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `<p>` (paragraph) element is given a `style` attribute to specify its color, the text alignment, and the font size:
```

Author: Done

> In the example below, the `<p>` (paragraph) element is given a `style` attribute to specify its color, the text alignment and the font size:

Author: I'm not sure if you want me to do anything here or just asking another collaborator?
